Next we have a flex grow property that allow us to fill out the space in our container and by default.
We have all the children with a flex growth property of zero and that's the reason why you see the space
here.
So if let's say I'm going to make my screen size even bigger you'll notice that there's plenty of space.
OK.
Now the way we use this property while we have multiple ways since we have right now are box class.
And again we're not targeting the container right now we're targeting the black box class that is applied
to each and every day that I have.
While I called selected there.
I could say you know what box so all the boxes and we're going to go with Flex.
Then let's look for our Flex grow so let's see where it is flex GIRL AND LET'S SET flex grow equal to
one.
And you're going to notice right away that our boxes in fact are filling out our container so there's
not gonna be any more any kind of space in between the actual items as well as the container.
So if we have let's say five items if we set flex grow equal to one while our container is gonna be
filled up.
Now the same is going to work even if I'm gonna go let's say two boxes just to show a more clearer how
it's gonna work.
Let's go for two boxes and again regardless of the screen size each and every box is going to have this
flex grow my case two of them and then each of them is going to have flex growth one.
And what happens right now is in fact that they are growing as much as they have to to fill out.
In fact our parent container.
Now the smaller the parent container is of course the smaller boxes are going to be the bigger parent
container is the bigger our boxes are gonna be.
Now we're not limited to just setting the flags girl for all of them.
We can also manipulate the values how it's gonna work.
Well first of all why don't we just comment it out like.
So for both of the boxes and as you can see right away our boxes again are small because they don't
have this flex grow so they're not growing to fill out the space but in let's say let's target them
individually.
So I could say box number one and you know the box number one is going to have a flex grow on let's
set it equal to one.
So now what's going to happen is the box number one is going to be growing as much as it has to to fill
out the space in box number two is going to say the size of the size of the box number two is not going
to change or depending on the container the box number one is going to be growing.
Now the reason for that is very simple because we did set up a flex grow to be one right now.
We can also manipulate our values even more where I could set up you know what for box number let's
say 1 I'm going to have 2 and then let's copy and pasted and let's set box number 2 by the value of
1.
So it's not as big as number two correct.
However it is not also zero which would be the default.
So what that means is that in fact our own I'm sorry I needed to do the box number two.
So that means is that I can see that my box is going to be bigger box number one than the number two
but it's not gonna be all the time filling out the whole space because we're still going to keep these
proportions where this is going to be let's say two times bigger than the box number one but still this
box is having that flex grow of one.
So it's still not sitting and just waiting.
It is also helping out to fill out the space.
And it's not going to change if we're going to add more boxes.
I just did with two boxes because I thought it's going to show a little bit better but if I'm going
to let's say select all of them notice I still have my box number one the number two and then the rest
of them.
And regardless how big it goes while I'm still gonna be filling up the space now that's how we can work
with a flux girl property which helps us to fill out the space in the container and then depending on
which values we are going to use while that's going to be our layout.